release notes v6.6.10.2 (#66)
shopware/release-notes: src/6.6/6.6.10.2.md

---
nav:
  title: v6.6.10.2
meta:
  date: "2025-02-27"
---

# Release notes Shopware 6.6.10.2

## Abstract

This minor release contains two bug fixes.

## System requirements

* tested on PHP 8.2 and 8.3
* tested on MySQL 8 and MariaDB 10.11

## Fixed bugs

> * [PR7132:](https://github.com/shopware/shopware/pull/7132) With https://github.com/symfony/symfony/pull/59781/files, the definition *mailer.default_transport* was removed and set as a simply alias. Therefore it could not be accessed anymore in a compiler pass. But this should also be not necessary anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PR-7132:](https://github.com/shopware/shopware/pull/7132) With https://github.com/symfony/symfony/pull/59781, the definition *mailer.default_transport* was removed and set as a simple alias. Therefore it could not be accessed anymore in a compiler pass. But this should also be not necessary anymore.
```

> * [PR7121:](https://github.com/shopware/shopware/pull/7121) In languages, which use Apostrophes a lot (like french), the storefront broke because escaping was missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PR-7121:](https://github.com/shopware/shopware/pull/7121) In languages, which use Apostrophes a lot (like French), the storefront broke because escaping was missing.
```
